January 2025																									
Scoring Data																									
Member	Book	Book Score	Movie	Movie Score	Game	Game Score																			
Chap	Lock in (John Scalzi)	7	Hit Man	7	Cat Quest 3	5		Final Totals																	
Ross	The Mercy of Gods	9	Sonic 3	7	Stellar Blade	8																			
Sean	Empire of the Damned 	8	Wicked	7	Armored Core 6	7		Member	Average Book Score	Average Movie Score	Average Game Score														
Tom	The Last Honest Man	8	Dark City	8	Aliens Dark Descent	8		Chap	7.45	6.5	7.55														
Book Reviews								Ross	7.27	6.91	8														
Chap	Locked In (John Scalzi) - Good Scalzi book, moves at a quick pace. Thought he missed some opportunities to explore some of the more thought-provoking elements of his world where like 10% of people are vegetables that somehow have internet access and can download into droids. He is good at dialogues, and leans on that a lot. He does less exposition and I think at times that would have been nice to have more of.														
Ross	The expanse bois are BACK. It's impressive how quickly they can create a world & characters which you're invested in. A medium-length read with some fun philosophical stuff. There was the exploration of whether a free society or one ruled by a single party is best for managing chaos, all kinds of weird tech, and tons and tons of fun creatures to mess with. Utterly brutal in a few places and major characters die throughout. Excited to see what they bring for round 2														
Sean	Second entry in a solid grimdark vampire saga. Action-packed, fantasy, with a great sense of humor. Highly recommend.														
Tom	Well-researched account of the Church Committee investigations and hearings in 1975, the first real attempt to force intelligence agencies to comply with laws. Lots of interesting characters and political tensions at play. Tragic central figure of Senator Frank Church, who was both a crusader for accountability and a showboater who wanted to run for president in 1976 but wasn't able to convert his committee sucess to campaign sucess.														
Movie Reviews																									
Chap	I had heard 2024 was the year that Glen Powell launched, but I really didn't know who he was other than a one-time SNL guest host before watching this. He delivered, he was very funny and had a good range. In the movie you'll see him miraculously flipping from lame ass Gary to stud Ron the fake hitman. The lady interest in this is gorgeous and their chemistry is good. I didn't quite like the ending, which struck me as a little drastic, but I'd still recommend this as a fun watch with the wifey on a Saturday night.														
Ross	Sonic 3 feels like the first movie that really nailed it out of all of them (Yes I've seen them, its half me and half Oliver). The cast is absolutely nuts with Idris Elba, Keanu Reeves, Jim Carrey, Cyclops from X-men, etc. There's fun little Sega references all through it and some heartwarming scenes about love & loss. Nothing particularly exciting from a plot perspective but it's a nice package and the fights are awesome - they're basically DBZ fights and Knuckles is hilarious														
Sean	Pretty good. A little-known Indy flick about some green lady and her blonde friend who can sing. Monkey birds also														
Tom	Weird but great. Good late 90s trippy scifi, sort of a lesser known cousin of the Matrix. Great performances by Rufus Sewel, Kiefer Sutherland, and Jennifer Connelly. Sort of dated special effects but doesn't really matter. If you watch, mute the opening monologue bc it spoils the mystery.														
Game Reviews																									
Chap	Cat Quest 3 - turns out, its a kids game! I thought this got like IGN Game of the Year, so I figured it had to be good, and while it had polish, it didn't sink its claws into me. I found the difficulty way too easy, and could beat most bosses on my first try without even breaking a sweat.														
Ross	Tots & Bots!!!! It's a shame Stellar Blade get so much shit for having a buxom protagonist because the underlying game is ROCK solid. It's probably 30-40 hours and the combat consistenly evolves over and over. For example, a perfect parry is good in its own right, then you get perfect parry + hold square for a counter, then you do parry / square / hold triangle and it's devastating. But the number of combos and how crunchy it feels is great. Story is meh but there's lots to do a la Ubisoft (there's even fishing). The boss fights are unique and the character designs are so freaking cool. Very beautiful graphics wise as well.														
Sean	Throwback to the OG Gundam robot combat games. A little grindy and repetitive, but the nostalgia is there for sho.														
Tom	Lots of tense fun. Story is so-so but they really capture the tension of Aliens, commanding a squad of marines down tight hallways and praying you dont stumble on a bunch of xenomorphs.														
																									
February 2025																									
Scoring Data																									
Member	Book	Book Score	Movie	Movie Score	Game	Game Score																			
Chap	Educated	10	Nosferatu	7	Hogwarts Legacy	9																			
Ross	The Way of Kings (THE STORMLIGHT ARCHIVE)	10	Captain America: Brave New World	1	Metaphor Refantazio	9																			
Sean	Fury of the Gods 	7	Ministry of Ungentlemanly Warfare	7	Tunic	8																			
Tom	Left Hand of Darkness	6	Parasite	9	Warhammer 40k Rogue Trader	7																			
Book Reviews																									
Chap	Freakin amazing story, hard to believe a person actually remembers all these episodes from her life, but what an interesting life she has led. Makes you thankful to have the parents you've got.														
Ross	"This is probably the fastest that I've ever devoured a 1200 page book. As I described to someone, this is a fantasy novel about a soldier / surgeon who carries bridges across giant chasms so that the military can race native tribesmen to murder giant crabs, whose hearts can provide super saiyan powers. There are a few subplots and flashbacks here and there, but for the most part it stays focused on the main characters which I really appreciate. The concept of some of the superpowers are so cool; one of the monks with powers inhales light which powers him, and he can lash objects to manipulate gravity. For instance, he'll lash a giant table to a wall far away, causing it to ""fall"" towards a wall and blow it up as he assassinate people. This is one book of 5, and supposedly they each get better. But the first book's events do such a good job at foreshadowing this sort of impending sense of doom that seems so much greater than the initial conflict, but there aren't stupid clickbaity-cliff hangers."														
Sean	Last pd John Gwynne's bloodsworn trilogy. Action packed and nicely tied up the trilogy. pace was a bit too fast, with more time needed on the final character arcs. Big ass wolf/dragons fights Also... the Hobitt. It was FINE TOM. Pretty good for a book nearly 90 years old, doesn't really measure up to current fantasy re: lack of immersive plot and landscapes. Dont know how they managed 3 extended version movies from this book, precious...														
Tom	Still got like 80 pages left, but interesting scifi novel exploration of gender. About an explorer who goes to a genetically modified planet of humans who only become male or female (and can switch) once a month for a few days. He tries to get them to open up relations with the rest of the human planets but struggles to navigate their society. Wish they had leaned more into how different they are, he often just uses male pronouns to talk to people currently in the neuter phase.														
Movie Reviews																									
Chap	Sets a great creepy vibe, and even if the plot moves pretty slow, it was enjoyable.														
Ross	This is the single-handed worst fucking movie I have ever had the pleasure of watching. Not in a good way, fuck it was bad. I honestly can't understand how this could possibly have made it through Kevin Feige's filters. I don't even want to go on. Even by the rubric's standards, it's still a 1.														
Sean	Henry Cavil, Nazi Killing, general shenanigans, directed by Guy Ritchie. Really enjoyed this action comedy based on a true WWII covert mission by British intelligence. Would recommend.														
Tom	See why this won so many awards. Really interesting exploration of class in modern Korean society. Liked very much how the poor family started off as the villians or parasites for the first half but by the second half became very clear the rich family were the evil parasites. Really well acted and intense.														
Game Reviews																									
Chap	Masterfully realized hogwarts, great fundamentals of open world gameplay. Bravo														
Ross	"This deserves a lot of the praise and GOTY awards it received, but it does fall short of a 10 I think. There's been a trend recently of Japanese creators getting involved with western fantasy (LOTR anime & Metaphor are two examples), and it's a cool fusion that seems unique. The premise of this game is that the King of the lands has been murdered, just after his son had been murdered by the same assailant. But when the King died, he set up some black magic to enforce a contest as to who should be next king, preventing his thrown from being usurped by the murderer. This would be chosen by the proportional thoughts of everyone in the kingdom at the end of a period of time, and anyone who tried to murder a candidate to be king would be in turn killed, so it really would be up to the people. Gameplay is equally compelling and stylish. It's turn-based combat, and any character can be any class. Likewise, as you develop different archetypes, you unlock new classes (so for instance Knight + Wizard must both be level 5 to unlock the Magic Knight), and you get to transfer over old moves as well to really be creative. Another cool tactic is that if you're powerful enough, you can active-battle enemies so that you don't even need to go into the turn-based screen. Outside of combat, you are in control of what you do (raise intelligence, strength, develop relationships, etc) but you can only do 1 thing per day and 1 thing per evening. The plot has some genuinely great twists and turns, and it's and interesting commentary on society (for instance, the king / prince murderer leads the election for most of the game, despite being brutally violent and shitty)."														
Sean	Really unique plot progression and simple but satisfying gameplay. Really enjoyed the level of mystery early on combined with unlocking one of those oldschool booklet manuals as a form of progression. Cute fox with a sword. Dope.														
Tom	Very crunchy CRPG set in the grim darkness of the 41st millenium where there is only war. Doesn't seem as polished as BG3 but it is fun to go really deep into the bonkers lore. Good characters and quests and exploration, but felt like they could have leaned more into the grimdark setting.														
																									
March 2025																									
Scoring Data																									
Member	Book	Book Score	Movie	Movie Score	Game	Game Score																			
Chap	Dungeon Crawler Carl	8	Rashomon	6	Deeprock Galactic: Survivor	7																			
Ross	Dungeon Crawler Carl	7	Rashomon	5	Deeprock Galactic	7																			
Sean	Dungeon Crawler Carl	7	Rashomon	6	Deeprock Galactic	7																			
Tom	Dungeon Crawler Carl	6	Rashomon	8	Deeprock Galactic	6																			
Book Reviews																									
Chap	Liked it a lot, def easy to binge as you get invested in the character and curious about his upgrade path. I liked how the game rewards you for what you do, so he ends up being like a martial artist foot stomper. Starting with a regenerate tunic though is soooo unfair.														
Ross	I really liked this book, but I feel like there are a few things keeping it from being an 8. A lot of the dialogue feels a little bit childish / Marvel-quippy when it needed a more serious tone or had more serious topics. Something that maybe shouldn't go against it, but I will judge it anyway, is that this is like a 15 book series. At the very least, Carl should've gotten through half of the dungeon or selected a class. I had a good time with it and it's a fun premise, but i'm not going back for more because I don't feel like the time-investment would pay off with how largely scoped it is.														
Sean	Enjoyed way more than expected. Unique and engaging concept from the start. Literary equivalent of a crunchy taco: fast, tasty, satisfying, bingeable.														
Tom	Cute fun. Still have 150 pages to go. Sometimes the humor gets a little grating and reading a video game is less fun than playing one. Donut is cute tho.														
Movie Reviews																									
Chap	Didn't get to watch it... blame India														
Ross	Rashomon....man. I really do enjoy a good mystery and for the time period it was released, I think a lot of it does hold up. Where it really falls apart for me is the dead guy's ghost coming out and giving a story. By that point in the movie I was just so over it. The pacing was atrocious and while it's probably a style, the bandit's cackle just got so old listening to over and over. Otherwise though, neat to see that common murder mystery plot points from this are still being used today, and it's a novel setting I haven't seen in a while. I don't think I'd recommend it to anyone to watch in 2025.														
Sean	Soundtrack slaps! hHeeeEEEEYYH.... If I was a Japanese person in 1950: engaging camera work in the forest scenes, with some interesting perspectives, well composed shots. couldnt help but laugh at the medium channeling the dead guy. Laughing was on point for all actors. Fairly certain he ate that baby														
Tom	Really enjoyed it. Rewatch from first seeing it like 15 years ago. Really groundbreaking way of telling a story. Kurosawa's direction is always impeccable too. Prefer some of Kurosawa's later stuff like Ran, but the theme of humans being unable to be honest when it comes to themselves is great.														
Game Reviews																									
Chap	Great game, good style and good times playing coop. Wouldn't play this without a friend, but with one it is quite funny. I liked the driller class, and felt the classes had a good variety between them, each giving something that made me want to play them or have them on my team. Enjoyed the level variety, surprised me with some of the parts like flying with rocket boots out of a giant drill shaft.														
Ross	Initially I had this game at a 6, but I upped it to a 7 because in the past year I have not laughed at hard in any life situation as I did at the dreaded blackout stout. I honestly was wheezing I was laughing so hard and to experience it with my boii was just super fun. Otherwise though, I didn't love it. It felt competently made, but the perk system was extremely useless, and the cosmetics were so few and far between. The core gameplay loop felt like it was good for 3-5 hours, but then it got stale and progress was super limited. They just need better progression and more impactful powers to really get this some place nice. TBD if it gets better after level 25 but I didn't have the impetus to do so.														
Sean	"Fairly Fun all around. Blackout stout had by struggling to breate. Gameplay loop got stale fairly quickly. needed more mission diversity. level cap to progress the game far too high. Satisfying haptic feedback when hittin Dem rocks. pvp would have been a great addition "														
Tom	Fun gameplay loop but I think it was just not my cup of tea. Hard to feel the progression from loot from missions that make you more powerful. Seems similar I guess in some ways to Helldivers but I much prefer that. Fun anti-corporate bent though.														
																									
April 2025																									
Scoring Data																									
Member	Book	Book Score	Movie	Movie Score	Game	Game Score																			
Chap	Nexus: A Brief History of Information Networks from the Stone Age to AI	8	The Brutalist	6	Grounded	10																			
Ross	Words of Radiance	10	Sinners	8	Split Fiction	10																			
Sean	The Kind Worth Killing	7	Sinners	8	High on Life 	5																			
Tom	Claudius the God	8	No Other Land	9	God of War Ragnarok	8																			
Book Reviews																									
Chap	Dude really has some thought provoking stuff about AI that makes you worry were heading to an AI dystopia. Maybe well be like cats for AI overlords, not useful but not hated either. Chapters may run a bit long and sometimes sounds like the kind of deep stoner conversations people have in college, but the dude works in a lot of history to make his claims seem not so implausible. I recommend it if youre trying to get more worried about AI than you already are.														
Ross	Book 2 of the Way of Kings saga. 10/10, widely regarded as his best work. If the super saiyan warriors in medieval armor fighting crabs weren't enough, they add new characters with distinct powers like being able to draw illusions which come to life, as well as expand outside the original canyon location.  The book opens up to the entire universe while writing some of the best action scenes I have seen in a book to date. No notes, 10/10. I also finished his next short novel, which was not as good, but it's all in the spirit of assembling the team.														
Sean	Been kicking around my TBR for quite a while, glad to finally read. Well-paced and engaging thriller: MUERDER, scandal, and few great twists. Really well done shifts in perspective and timelines without being gimmicky or annoying. Perfect palate cleanser														
Tom	Reviewing the whole two part series. Still got 100 pages left, but fascinating how much real history it's based off. Imperial family just murdered the fuck out of each other until the crippled nerd was the only one left and he ruled very competently. A bit slow at times and you need a family tree to reference but great historical fiction.														
Movie Reviews																									
Chap	LONG AF. Dani liked it, and I can't say it was BAD, but it certainly doesn't really follow a proper story arc. Things just kind of happen, mostly shitty things. THe cinematography is good, and the performances are strong, which is what makes it more watchable than it otherwise would have been on the basis of its story. Turns out, NOT a true story at all, which was a surprise because it does seem pretty random to not be true.														
Ross	I liked this movie a lot. And while it wasn't perfect, it was super refreshing as a new IP which is so rare these days. We had 3 independent hooks - 1.) Michael B. Jordan plays twins, 2.) It was a racism period piece, and 3.) it was a fucking vampire movie??? Haley Steinfeld slayed so hard. The transition from Period piece to outlandish vampire movie was handled IMMACULATELY and it even had a post credits scene which seems fucking ridiculous. The humor was sparsely but well played throughout the movie to break up the tension, and I just had a great time.														
Sean	Really enjoyed this one. Not sure if this is a horror comedy or I just have a sick sense of humor. Double michael B, editing/CGI done really well, intriguing and believable vamper element, solid blues musical vibes that tied to a past/future plotline. Even though Ross missed most of the post-credit scene, it really tied the room toghether in the end. Would watch again.														
Tom	Incrediblly bleak look at the Israeli occupation in the West Bank. The daily indignities plus pure cruetly make the West Bank seem far worse than Jim Crow South. Depressing as fuck but incredible.														
Game Reviews																									
Chap	This game blew me away. Turns out, co-op with my wife in the survival/builder genre is a blast. She enjoyed building bases, while I went around fighting bugs and exploring dungeons. The difficulty is legit, and the spiders are SCARY at times. Really have to gear appropriately for the fight you're facing, which means you'll die a lot before you know what you're gonna face. The dungeons had great variety, and the finale was so hard we had to put it on easy. Loved that i could play a bit solo, keep my save game, host that multiplayer, and keep making progress.														
Ross	Fuck, man, it was so good. I cannot overstate how amazing this game is to people who are interested in having fun with someone on the same couch. The premise is cool, the applications are cool, and every very puzzle feels meaningful for both players. THere was a period where I was running around as a piggy that could shit rainbows, and oliver could climb walls (via some foul mechanism). We ran through the level, just crusiing, and at some point fell into a meat grinder where we IMMEDIATELY turned into playable sausages. We played rhythm games, boat games, we slayed dragons, and most of all the final level was batshit fuckign insane. The actual split in the split screen started rotating, collapsing, and growing, to change everyone's perspective. The pinball level also blew my mind.														
Sean	Game had the humor element down for sure, intergalatic FPS bounty hunter with that classic rick and morty vibe you've grown to love. More than a bit repetitive gameplay loop. Admittedly only got throught the first 1-2 bounties, but might have potential. Talking guns, agressive talking knives, utterly ridiculous and hillarious dialogue.														
Tom	Great  combat, story isn't as good as the first. Incredible explorartion. Does drag a bit but a lot of fun. Voice acting is incredible and the interpretation of Norse mythology is so much fun.														
																									
May 2025																									
Scoring Data																									
Member	Book	Book Score	Movie	Movie Score	Game	Game Score																			
Chap	American War	7	Wicked	7	Enshrouded	9																			
Ross	With the old blood	9	How to train your dragon 2	7	Clair Obscur: Expedetion 33	10																			
Sean	Pillars of the Earth	7	Heretic	7	Split Fiction	8																			
Tom	Original Sin	7	Friendship	9	Split Fiction	8																			
Book Reviews																									
Chap	Very unlikable protagonist, but that was knd of the point! You're following around someone who is basically a terrorist and radical as fuck in her loyalty to the "south" which appears to have no moral stance other than an opposition to electrifying automobiles. Thought the book did a good job of moving with the character across her life to see how she ended up so fucked up. Not a feel good story. Interesting alternate future with a rising middle-eastern democratic superpower (although not a big part of the story).														
Ross	Really well told book through the eyes of a soldier during the Pacific campaign of World War 2. It's tough to find a soldier from the trenches who isn't fucked in the head or poor at writing, but he finds a nice balance. It's literally otherworldy and unimaginable (like a dude carrying a grenade crate while strafing behind a tank, being shot at by a machine gun). It makes you grateful for the world we live in and the efforts of our forefathers														
Sean	Heard great things about the book so pulled the trigger. Captivating character development set in the middle ages. Centered around the building of a cathedral which doesnt sound too interesting, but the writing and raw medieval setting keep you hooked. Dark, Bleak, hopeless at times but drives attachment to characters/villians as the story progresses. Great momentum through the first half, but quite a slog for the last 500 pages.														
Tom	Writing isn't great, typical airport politics book. And Tapper is a bottom feeder who didn't report on this when it actually mattered. But the reporting is very good. So many people in the party knew what was going on for years and hoped they could keep the wool over everyone's eyes. Insane political malpractice. Biden is a completely senile Shakespearean protagonist in it. No mention of Gaza and how that impacted youth turnout. Still have 60 pages to go,  Biden is right on the edge of dropping out where I am in the book currently, mid-July.														
Movie Reviews																									
Chap	very solid! loved the songs and Ariana's physical comedy														
Ross	I had never seen these movies but I really like them! The animation is a little stale in 2025, but it's really endearing. The sequel is better than the first (imo) in that the dergons are now established as friends of the humans, and it's more of a good vs evil story. Giant dragons fighting each other vs a hilarious puppy-like dawg who comes of age														
Sean	A24 Film.Interesting plot - horrow/suspense with an interesting debate on religion. Specifically, recycling of western religion across human history and the underlying motives of control. Hugh grant definitely saved the move with some stellar acting. Things kind of fell apart halfway through, could have been 8/10 with some more thoughtful writing to close out an interesting premise.														
Tom	A24 hilarious cringefest. Feels almost like a horror movie. Tim Robinson is amazing as usual as a complete weirdo. He acts like a character in his show whereas everyone else is normal. Paul Rudd is great. Some of the hardest laughs I've ever had in a movie theater.														
Game Reviews																									
Chap	Another BANGER. The building system is nuts, inspiring me to build stuff all over and explore to unlock new building materials and decorations. The voxel system works well for giving fine tooth control while still making it easy to build large and fast. Dani and I played this in co-op which was great fun. At one point a friend grabbed the game and the three of us ran through a dungeon which was epicly long and creepy. Very great lighting and graphics even if the animations arent so stellar. Combat is not so developed, but the environments are wonderful and really encourage exploration. Love the hand-made world and how you can find hidden chests behind hidden walls in hidden cellars. Really happy with this one and feel like this is developing my creativity.														
Ross	This game is an 11. Literally every last piece of it is a masterpiece. It's a "je"RPG only in the fact that it's turn-based, otherwise very French. The soundtrack is something I listen to almost daily, the art style is stunning, and the plot is so fascinating. It's centered around grief and sadness losing loved ones. The combat system is astounding and you have to earnestly counter & dodge but has levels to it which make it extremely fun to learn														
Sean	Man, totally blown away by the variety of gameplay and cooperative creativity. Love the rainbow farting pigs that get turned into sausage, by far my favoite plotline. Prolly go as high as 8/10 once finished!														
Tom	Very fun. Only halfway through, which counts as a full completion with Sean. Lots of fun co op. Gameplay is varied and doesn't get stale. I wanna see these bitches make out though. Will probably go to a 9 once done. Playing through with the gf too and it's fun to see her enjoy a viggy game.														
																									
June 2025																									
Scoring Data																									
Member	Book	Book Score	Movie	Movie Score	Game	Game Score																			
Chap	The Fifth Season (N.K. Jemisin)	7	The Wild Robot	6	V Rising (PC)	8																			
Ross	The Fifth Season (N.K. Jemisin)	4	The Wild Robot	7	V Rising (PC)	8																			
Sean	The Fifth Season (N.K. Jemisin)	4	The Wild Robot	6	V Rising (PC)	7																			
Tom	The Fifth Season (N.K. Jemisin)	6	The Wild Robot	8	V Rising (PC) 	9																			
Book Reviews																									
Chap	Interesting world the author created, with society so focused on periodic apocolypses. Wouldn't be too hard to convince this public of the threat of climate change! I like what the author did with the protagonists and how they develop. What is the deal with there never being and 7, 8, or 9 ringers, only like 6s and below, and then a random 10 ringer guy so far ahead ofeveryone else. I am curious about the sequels but never really delve too deep into multi-book series for some reason. I think it is a little strange only one type of magic exists and not others. Also was unclear to me at what state of development the world was in, sometimes the author mentions electricity being a thing, and like turbines. I liked the 'wokeness' of it all, how there was like an unconventional menage-a-trois for a while. Sexual mores in this world are very different than in ours, but that always felt like a very background thing here, not thrown in our faces just sort of unremarkably a thing, which I appreciated.														
Ross	"I really did not like this book. There's a few things that really annoy me in books, and made up curses words are one of them. ""RUSTING EARTH"" just sounded so corny and stupid and it was like every other line. On top of that, 2nd person for the Essun sections really felt meaningless to me; just being weird to be weird and try and deceive from the real twist. It felt extremely juvenile towards the end becoming a threesome romance novel, and it was like AI generated ""how depressing can we get? ChatGPT please add more depression.""  The world was pretty cool and the powers were neat, the twist was something not many books do, so that's about where my appreciation ends. I'm totally open to this being just not suited to my personal tastes as GoodReads reviews were largely positive, but I just have no idea how this could be a Hugo Award winner, and would not recommend this to anyone. "														
Sean	Interesting pemise, but fairly poorly deployed. Not a fan of the initial first person third person narration with sparse world building. The manipulation of earthly elements via orogenes was an interesting premise, however would have enjoyed more in-depth plot on the actual training process/regimens. Somehat predictable twists that were not at all surprises. Would have enjoyed learning more about the rock-eaters, moon, etc. Aware this is a series, but felt cut short at the end. Needed more man on man threesome scenes.														
Tom	Interesting world. I like the three stories all being different points in the protagonist's life but saw it coming. The romance scenes were a little high school fan fictiony. I liked the fact that it was far future from now and disaster focused as well as the magic system. Would have been cool to hear more about the Guardians and where their power comes from but that's probably in later books. But got pretty bored by the end.														
Movie Reviews																									
Chap	Liked it, mostly for the art style. Very painterly and impressionistic, which was just beautiful to look at. Try pausing it in any scene and just look at all the paint strokes! Wish there were video games with this kind of art style, maybe one of the cell shaded older prince of persia games? Plot was fine, the main robot seemed both all powerful and also kind of stupid at the same time, like it had no protocols for what to do in case of being stranded, so it just devoted its life to the duck? I did tear up a bit when the duck flew for the first time (goose?). Not sure the solution of having everyone in the same warm cabin and then asking them to play nice is feasible, predators gotta predate!														
Ross	Totallly serviceable, perfect "7" movie to me. The highlight for me was the absolutely stunning art style, and I also liked the messages it told about the unintended consequences of your parents raising you. The duckling acting like a robot everywhere and being rejected for being weird was sad but definitely caused a little of my own self-relection. Plot was wholly predictable, but it's a kids movie so I wasn't looking for that much. Oliver and I are going to be reading the 2nd book in the series soon and I'm looking forward to it.														
Sean	I mean, you had me at baby animated otters. Cheerful plot with nice themes for a younger audience. Nice play across characters and evil AI corporation. Enjoyed the emotional moments of robot & wildlife bonding. Could have been a bit more brief in runtime.														
Tom	Really cute. Watched it with Emma and we liked the animals and the animation style. Funny jokes about the very literal robot interacting with the animals.														
Game Reviews																									
Chap	This cements my love for the survival crafting genre. This one wasn't so stereotypical because of the isometric view, whereas with grounded and enshrouded I was more used to a third person or first person view. I enjoyed this one a lot, thought they really nailed the vampire theme with things like sucking blood, hunting at night, dwelling in a coffin in a giant gothic castle, etc.  I did NOT like a few things: Durability (why is this even in games? dying was enough of a punishment in itself since you had to run back for your shit.) Anything that kept me from teleporting.. I turned off default game settings when I set this server up so that we could teleport more easily, but in the base rules of the game you cant teleport with like.. an iron ingot in your hands or a gemstone. What was this about? I am guessing something to do with PvP balancing, but where I felt the sting of teleportation rules was when it came to dropping off servants in my castle. I guess I should have moved my castle, but my castle in the starter area was nowhere near where the good minions were, so if I grabbed one I had to bring it all the way back to my castle on foot. It didn't feel good to build a castle and be told to move it either, like, recollect all the resources I already invested? No way!   I DID like the variety of weapons and how they invited diferent playstyles. The simplified magic system where verything just works on cooldowns and you pick three spells . Good progression when you kill bosses, they always seem to give something to get excited about. Would have liked to have played this with my boys but it was a tough month for me moving around the world.														
Ross	Really dug V Rising, I was woefully underprepared for how difficult it was going to be. I fully expected a bunch of survival crafting, but did NOT expect to need lightning fast reflexes and skill management to get through a lot of the bosses. The Horse knight, Spider Queen, Holy Angel, and Dracula populated my nightmares with how hard they were. It feels like a game really intended for co-op but I'm happy I was able to solo it. A few things that stood in the way of it being great: Weapon Durability was extremely poorly thought out. With such a hard difficulty curve, you literally had to use 95% of the same materials to repair items; it should've been severely reduced. I ended up just making new weapons and giving the damaged ones to my servants. Additionally, there were a few places where it was really obscure and hard to figure out what to do, but that was rare. Finally the Sun mechanic. Obnoxious as shit and always continued to be. Overall though, fantastic game, really enjoyed my ~50 hours with it and the Dracula fight was fantastic.														
Sean	Thoroughly enjoyed V Rising on my first playthrough. Satifying progression system paired with expansive crafting and prompted exploration. Couldn't quite get it's hooks in me the second time around, but a great game! Enjoyed Ross having to refill my derelict castle with blood.														
Tom	I really liked it. I've still got two final bosses, but having never really played a survival crafting, got much more into it than I thought I would. Loved collecting and categorizing and perfecting everything. But damn some of the end game bosses just feel so insanely difficult.
